README.md, before:

# armc

DevC Casablanca resources for playing with Spark AR studio

## Devc-Casablanca Challenge

Use the fez model and its texture to build a face tracker effect for facebook and instagram.

Resources are available in challenge folder, make sure to convert the texture to a supported image format for Spark AR Studio.

Surprise us and post your creative idea in the group [devc-casa](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DevC.Casablanca/)

## Encoding audio

To be able to use audio in Spark AR Studio you will need to encode your audio file

Convert audio from stereo to mono

```bash
ffmpeg -i intial/Sahara_Rains.mp3  -ac 1 prepared/Sahara_Rains_mono.mp3
```

Then encore to `aac` using `libfdk_aac`

```bash
ffmpeg -i intial/Sahara_Rains.mp3  -c:a libfdk_aac prepared/Sahara_Rains_mono.m4a
```

Or if `ffmpeg` is not compiled with `libfdk_aac` support use the buildin `aac` encoder

```bash
ffmpeg -i prepared/Sahara_Rains.mp3 -c:a aac -b:a 192k  prepared/Sahara_Rains_mono.m4a
```

## Resources

Spark AR studio [website](https://www.sparkar.com/ar-studio/)

3D Modeling software [blender](https://www.blender.org/)

Animating characters [mixamo](https://www.mixamo.com)

Audio library [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/audiolibrary/music)

## license

3D models were donated from Mohamed Ababou, thanks for his generosity

We don't want to restrict you with any requirements regarding resources use
so the Character and Fez along with their textures are licensed under CC0 public domain dedication.

As for the belly dance animation please fellow mixamo.com license guidance from adobe, we strongly recommend that you use the idle character and apply the animation you like and use that version in your project.

Commit message:

Add prototype of the belly dance + music

README.md, after:

# armc

DevC Casablanca resources for playing with Spark AR studio

## Devc-Casablanca Challenge

Use the fez model and its texture to build a face tracker effect for facebook and instagram.

Resources are available in challenge folder, make sure to convert the texture to a supported image format for Spark AR Studio.

Surprise us and post your creative idea in the group [devc-casa](https://www.facebook.com/groups/DevC.Casablanca/)

## Encoding audio

To be able to use audio in Spark AR Studio you will need to encode your audio file

Convert audio from stereo to mono

```bash
ffmpeg -i intial/Sahara_Rains.mp3  -ac 1 prepared/Sahara_Rains_mono.mp3
```

Then encore to `aac` using `libfdk_aac`

```bash
ffmpeg -i intial/Sahara_Rains.mp3  -c:a libfdk_aac prepared/Sahara_Rains_mono.m4a
```

Or if `ffmpeg` is not compiled with `libfdk_aac` support use the buildin `aac` encoder

```bash
ffmpeg -i prepared/Sahara_Rains.mp3 -c:a aac -b:a 192k  prepared/Sahara_Rains_mono.m4a
```

## Resources

Spark AR studio [website](https://www.sparkar.com/ar-studio/)

3D Modeling software [blender](https://www.blender.org/)

Animating characters [mixamo](https://www.mixamo.com)

Audio library [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/audiolibrary/music)

## Example
Example of resource used in a Game prototype

[![Watch game prototype video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/T-QW9PLHdQc/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/T-QW9PLHdQc)

## License

3D models were donated from Mohamed Ababou, thanks for his generosity

We don't want to restrict you with any requirements regarding resources use
so the Character and Fez along with their textures are licensed under CC0 public domain dedication.

As for the belly dance animation please fellow mixamo.com license guidance from adobe, we strongly recommend that you use the idle character and apply the animation you like and use that version in your project.
